[ios] Allow MGLScaleBar to support dark mode on iOS 13 (#15524)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native: platform/ios/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue that caused the tilt gesture to trigger too easily and conflict with pinch or pan gestures. ([#15349](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15349))
* Fixed a bug with annotation view positions after camera transitions. ([#15122](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15122/))

> * Fixed an issue where the scale bar would not update its text color when dark mode was enabled. ([#15524](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15524))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the scale bar text would become illegible if iOS 13 dark mode was enabled. ([#15524](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15524))
```
